.\" Manpage for Mobius Version Manager (MVM)
.TH MVM 1 "October 2024" "Version 1.0" "Mobius Version Manager"

.SH NAME
mvm \- Mobius Version Manager for Testing Environments (MVM)

.SH SYNOPSIS
mvm [command] [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
The Mobius Version Manager (MVM) allows users to manage, switch,
and run different Mobius builds within a testing environment. It
supports uploading new versions, switching between versions, and
managing Mobius server/client instances.

.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B mvm --upload file_path
Upload a new version by providing the file path to a zip file.
.TP
.B mvm --list
List all available Mobius versions.
.TP
.B mvm --switch version
Switch to a specified Mobius version.
.TP
.B mvm --start version
Start the specified Mobius version.
.TP
.B mvm --stop
Stop the currently running Mobius version.
.TP
.B mvm --delete version
Delete the specified Mobius version from the system.
.TP
.B mvm --current
Show the currently active Mobius version.
.TP
.B mvm --help
Show this help message.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --upload file_path
Upload a new Mobius version.
.TP
.B --list
List all available versions.
.TP
.B --switch version
Switch to a specified version.
.TP
.B --start version
Start a specified version of Mobius.
.TP
.B --stop
Stop the currently running Mobius instance.
.TP
.B --delete version
Delete a Mobius version from the system.
.TP
.B --current
Display the currently active version.
.TP
.B --help
Display the help message.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Kolter Saurey.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2024 by Kolter Saurey. Licensed under the MIT License.
